README.md, before:

<!-- banner start -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://app.autoblocks.ai/images/logo.png" width="300px">
</p>

<p align="center">
  📚
  <a href="https://docs.autoblocks.ai/">Documentation</a>
  &nbsp;
  •
  &nbsp;
  🖥️
  <a href="https://app.autoblocks.ai/">Application</a>
  &nbsp;
  •
  &nbsp;
  🏠
  <a href="https://www.autoblocks.ai/">Home</a>
</p>
<!-- banner end -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/autoblocksai/autoblocks-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
    <img src="https://github.com/autoblocksai/autoblocks-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  This repository contains examples of how to use Autoblocks with various frameworks, libraries, and languages.
</p>

## JavaScript

> **_NOTE:_** All JavaScript examples require `npm` and `node >= 16` to be installed.

<!-- JavaScript start -->

| Name                                                     | Description                                                                                                            |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [chatbot-nextjs](/JavaScript/chatbot-nextjs)             | A Next.js app that uses openai and Autoblocks to power and monitor a chatbot                                           |
| [jest-replays](/JavaScript/jest-replays)                 | Run Autoblocks Replays from within a jest test suite                                                                   |
| [langchain](/JavaScript/langchain)                       | Automatic tracing of a LangChain pipeline                                                                              |
| [novel-ai-text-editor](/JavaScript/novel-ai-text-editor) | A Next.js app that uses [Novel](https://github.com/steven-tey/novel) and Autoblocks to power an AI-enabled text editor |
| [openai-automated](/JavaScript/openai-automated)         | Automatic tracing of openai calls                                                                                      |
| [openai-automated-ts](/JavaScript/openai-automated-ts)   | Automatic tracing of openai calls in a TypeScript application                                                          |
| [openai-manual](/JavaScript/openai-manual)               | Manual tracing of openai calls                                                                                         |
| [spans](/JavaScript/spans)                               | Establish parent / child relationships between your events with the `spanId` and `parentSpanId` properties             |

<!-- JavaScript end -->

## Python

> **_NOTE:_** All Python examples require [`poetry`](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation) to be installed.

<!-- Python start -->

| Name                                         | Description                                            |
| -------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| [langchain](/Python/langchain)               | Automatic tracing of a LangChain pipeline              |
| [openai-automated](/Python/openai-automated) | Automatic tracing of openai calls                      |
| [openai-manual](/Python/openai-manual)       | Manual tracing of openai calls                         |
| [pytest-replays](/Python/pytest-replays)     | Run Autoblocks Replays from within a pytest test suite |

<!-- Python end -->

Commit message:

Add prompt sdk example (#49)
Co-authored-by: Adam Nolte <adam@autoblocks.ai>

README.md, after:

<!-- banner start -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://app.autoblocks.ai/images/logo.png" width="300px">
</p>

<p align="center">
  📚
  <a href="https://docs.autoblocks.ai/">Documentation</a>
  &nbsp;
  •
  &nbsp;
  🖥️
  <a href="https://app.autoblocks.ai/">Application</a>
  &nbsp;
  •
  &nbsp;
  🏠
  <a href="https://www.autoblocks.ai/">Home</a>
</p>
<!-- banner end -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/autoblocksai/autoblocks-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
    <img src="https://github.com/autoblocksai/autoblocks-examples/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  This repository contains examples of how to use Autoblocks with various frameworks, libraries, and languages.
</p>

## JavaScript

> **_NOTE:_** All JavaScript examples require `npm` and `node >= 16` to be installed.

<!-- JavaScript start -->

| Name                                                     | Description                                                                                                            |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [chatbot-nextjs](/JavaScript/chatbot-nextjs)             | A Next.js app that uses openai and Autoblocks to power and monitor a chatbot                                           |
| [jest-replays](/JavaScript/jest-replays)                 | Run Autoblocks Replays from within a jest test suite                                                                   |
| [langchain](/JavaScript/langchain)                       | Automatic tracing of a LangChain pipeline                                                                              |
| [novel-ai-text-editor](/JavaScript/novel-ai-text-editor) | A Next.js app that uses [Novel](https://github.com/steven-tey/novel) and Autoblocks to power an AI-enabled text editor |
| [openai-automated](/JavaScript/openai-automated)         | Automatic tracing of openai calls                                                                                      |
| [openai-automated-ts](/JavaScript/openai-automated-ts)   | Automatic tracing of openai calls in a TypeScript application                                                          |
| [openai-manual](/JavaScript/openai-manual)               | Manual tracing of openai calls                                                                                         |
| [prompt-sdk](/JavaScript/prompt-sdk)                     | Automated prompt versioning with the prompt SDK                                                                        |
| [spans](/JavaScript/spans)                               | Establish parent / child relationships between your events with the `spanId` and `parentSpanId` properties             |

<!-- JavaScript end -->

## Python

> **_NOTE:_** All Python examples require [`poetry`](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation) to be installed.

<!-- Python start -->

| Name                                         | Description                                            |
| -------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| [langchain](/Python/langchain)               | Automatic tracing of a LangChain pipeline              |
| [openai-automated](/Python/openai-automated) | Automatic tracing of openai calls                      |
| [openai-manual](/Python/openai-manual)       | Manual tracing of openai calls                         |
| [pytest-replays](/Python/pytest-replays)     | Run Autoblocks Replays from within a pytest test suite |

<!-- Python end -->
