JavaScript/chatbot-nextjs/README.md, before:

<!-- banner start -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://app.autoblocks.ai/images/logo.png" width="300px">
</p>

<p align="center">
  📚
  <a href="https://docs.autoblocks.ai/">Documentation</a>
  &nbsp;
  •
  &nbsp;
  🖥️
  <a href="https://app.autoblocks.ai/">Application</a>
  &nbsp;
  •
  &nbsp;
  🏠
  <a href="https://www.autoblocks.ai/">Home</a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  :bangbang:
  Make sure you've read the <a href="/README.md#getting-started">getting started</a> section in the main README.
</p>
<!-- banner end -->

# Chatbot Example
This is a Next.js app that uses openai and Autoblocks to power and monitor a chatbot.

View the deployed application at https://chatbot-example.autoblocks.ai

## Copy the root `.env` file to this directory

```bash
cp ../../.env .
```

## Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

## Run the app

```bash
npm run dev
```

Visit http://localhost:3000 to see the app.

## View logs in Autoblocks

As you interact with the app, you will see traces appear in the Autoblocks [explore page](https://app.autoblocks.ai/explore).

![Autoblocks Explore](https://github.com/autoblocksai/novel-autoblocks-example/blob/main/novel-autoblocks-example.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

Move getting started & .env to each project (#20)
Changed my mind, I think it makes more sense for each example to have a
self contained README instead of asking people to go look at the main
README first. Also makes it easier to link directly to an example

JavaScript/chatbot-nextjs/README.md, after:

<!-- banner start -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://app.autoblocks.ai/images/logo.png" width="300px">
</p>

<p align="center">
  📚
  <a href="https://docs.autoblocks.ai/">Documentation</a>
  &nbsp;
  •
  &nbsp;
  🖥️
  <a href="https://app.autoblocks.ai/">Application</a>
  &nbsp;
  •
  &nbsp;
  🏠
  <a href="https://www.autoblocks.ai/">Home</a>
</p>
<!-- banner end -->

# Chatbot Example

This is a Next.js app that uses openai and Autoblocks to power and monitor a chatbot.

View the deployed application at https://chatbot-example.autoblocks.ai

<!-- getting started start -->
## Getting started

- Sign up for an Autoblocks account at https://app.autoblocks.ai
- Grab your Autoblocks ingestion key from https://app.autoblocks.ai/settings/api-keys
- Grab your OpenAI API key from https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys
- Create a file named `.env` in this folder and include the following environment variables:

`.env`
```
OPENAI_API_KEY=<your-api-key>
AUTOBLOCKS_INGESTION_KEY=<your-ingestion-key>
```
<!-- getting started end -->

## Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

## Run the app

```bash
npm run dev
```

Visit http://localhost:3000 to see the app.

## View logs in Autoblocks

As you interact with the app, you will see traces appear in the Autoblocks [explore page](https://app.autoblocks.ai/explore).

![Autoblocks Explore](https://github.com/autoblocksai/novel-autoblocks-example/blob/main/novel-autoblocks-example.png?raw=true)
